.Dd $Mdocdate$
.Dt pricegraph 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm pricegraph
.Nd scrape price information and generate static web charts
.\" .Sh LIBRARY
.\" For sections 2, 3, & 9 only.
.\" Not used in OpenBSD.
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm pricegraph
.Op Fl nv
.Op Fl f Ar file
.Op Fl a | Fl p Ar product | Fl r
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
utility scrapes price information from websites and stores it into a
database. It then generates a complete static website that contains
charts showing the current and historical prices of each tracked item.

The arguments are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl a
Scrape all products in the configuration file at once. Not recommended.
.El
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl f Ar file
Use config from specified
.Ar file
instead of the /etc/pricegraph.cfg default.
.El
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl n
Do not save scraped information into database.
.El
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl p Ar product
Scrape prices for the specified
.Ar product
instead of a random one chosen from the config file.
.El
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl v
Print verbose information.
.El

When
.Nm
is run with no arguments a product is chosen at random from the
configuration file and the price information is scraped, logged and
saved.
.Sh LOG FORMAT
The default logging format will be of the form

Dec 24 2013 [MV BF ] (10s) Samdung UN32EH3200 32"

And the verbose logging format of the form

Dec 24 2013 UN32EH3200
[M] [CSP] (2s) 
.Sh CONFIGURATION FILE
.Sh FILES
.Pa /etc/pricegraph.cfg

.\" .Sh IMPLEMENTATION NOTES
.\" Not used in OpenBSD.
.\" .Sh RETURN VALUES
.\" For sections 2, 3, & 9 only.
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT
.\" For sections 1, 6, 7, & 8 only.
.\" .Sh FILES
.\" .Sh EXIT STATUS
.\" For sections 1, 6, & 8 only.
.\" .Sh EXAMPLES
.\" .Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.\" For sections 1, 4, 6, 7, & 8 only.
.\" .Sh ERRORS
.\" For sections 2, 3, & 9 only.
.\" .Sh SEE ALSO
.\" .Xr foobar 1
.\" .Sh STANDARDS
.\" .Sh HISTORY
.\" .Sh AUTHORS
.\" .Sh CAVEATS
.\" .Sh BUGS
.\" .Sh SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS
.\" Not used in OpenBSD.
